README.md, before:

# reliquary-archiver

_tool to create a relic export from network packets of a certain turn-based anime game_

json output format is based on the format of [HSR-Scanner](https://github.com/kel-z/HSR-Scanner)

made to be used with [fribbels hsr optimizer](https://github.com/fribbels/hsr-optimizer)

## run

- requires [npcap](https://npcap.com/) (windows) or `libpcap` (linux)
  - when installing on windows, make sure to enable the "winpcap api-compatible mode". 
    if this is grayed out for you, see [here](https://github.com/IceDynamix/reliquary-archiver/issues/2)
    for more details
- download latest release from [here](https://github.com/IceDynamix/reliquary-archiver/releases/)
- **make sure you're on the main menu screen before the train hyperdrive in-gmae**
- run the archiver executable and wait until it says "listening with a timeout"
- enter train hyperdrive in-gmae
- if successful, the archiver should output a file to `archiver_output.json`

### cli usage

```
Usage: reliquary-archiver.exe [OPTIONS] [OUTPUT]

Arguments:
  [OUTPUT]  Path to output .json file to [default: archive_output.json]

Options:
      --pcap <PCAP>          Read packets from .pcap file instead of capturing live packets
      --timeout <TIMEOUT>    How long to wait in seconds until timeout is triggered (for live capture) [default: 120]
  -v, --verbose...           How verbose the output should be, can be set up to 3 times. Has no effect if RUST_LOG is set
  -l, --log-path <LOG_PATH>  Path to output log to
  -h, --help                 Print help
```

to customize logging, either
- set the verbose flags
- or set `RUST_LOG` env variable to customize logging, see [here](https://docs.rs/tracing-subscriber/latest/tracing_subscriber/filter/struct.EnvFilter.html#directives)

to output logs to a file, provide `--log-path <path>`. file logs will always be trace-level.

## build from source

- follow instructions [here](https://github.com/rust-pcap/pcap?tab=readme-ov-file#building)
  - for me on windows, adding the `Packet.lib` and `wpcap.lib` from the sdk (check the x64 or arm dir) 
    to this directory was enough to link successfully
- `cargo build` / `cargo run`

## library

want to do more with packet parsing? check out the 
[standalone library](https://github.com/IceDynamix/reliquary) the archiver is built on top off!

Commit message:

First commit for completionist-archiver

README.md, after:

# reliquary-archiver

_tool to create a achievements and books export from network packets of a certain turn-based anime game_

### Based on [IceDynamix/reliquary-archiver](https://github.com/IceDynamix/reliquary-archiver)

json output format is based on the format of [HSR-Scanner](https://github.com/kel-z/HSR-Scanner)

made to be used with [fribbels hsr optimizer](https://github.com/fribbels/hsr-optimizer)

## run

- requires [npcap](https://npcap.com/) (windows) or `libpcap` (linux)
  - when installing on windows, make sure to enable the "winpcap api-compatible mode". 
    if this is grayed out for you, see [here](https://github.com/IceDynamix/reliquary-archiver/issues/2)
    for more details
- download latest release from [here](https://github.com/IceDynamix/reliquary-archiver/releases/)
- **make sure you're on the main menu screen before the train hyperdrive in-gmae**
- run the archiver executable and wait until it says "listening with a timeout"
- enter train hyperdrive in-gmae
- if successful, the archiver should output a file to `archiver_output.json`

### cli usage

```
Usage: reliquary-archiver.exe [OPTIONS] [OUTPUT]

Arguments:
  [OUTPUT]  Path to output .json file to [default: archive_output.json]

Options:
      --pcap <PCAP>          Read packets from .pcap file instead of capturing live packets
      --timeout <TIMEOUT>    How long to wait in seconds until timeout is triggered (for live capture) [default: 120]
  -v, --verbose...           How verbose the output should be, can be set up to 3 times. Has no effect if RUST_LOG is set
  -l, --log-path <LOG_PATH>  Path to output log to
  -h, --help                 Print help
```

to customize logging, either
- set the verbose flags
- or set `RUST_LOG` env variable to customize logging, see [here](https://docs.rs/tracing-subscriber/latest/tracing_subscriber/filter/struct.EnvFilter.html#directives)

to output logs to a file, provide `--log-path <path>`. file logs will always be trace-level.

## build from source

- follow instructions [here](https://github.com/rust-pcap/pcap?tab=readme-ov-file#building)
  - for me on windows, adding the `Packet.lib` and `wpcap.lib` from the sdk (check the x64 or arm dir) 
    to this directory was enough to link successfully
- `cargo build` / `cargo run`

## library

want to do more with packet parsing? check out the 
[standalone library](https://github.com/IceDynamix/reliquary) the archiver is built on top off!
